0.60.1 Release notes (#624)
reason-react-native/reason-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog of `reason-react-native`

## 0.60.1 - 2019-10-25

> Probably the latest release for React Native 0.60. We will focus in 0.61.

Author: FYI, you can use 

<img width="636" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/157534/67515326-b6951500-f69e-11e9-9b67-be5d7eb8bfe5.png">

To directly propose fix that can be merged via GitHub UI.

> Probably the latest release for React Native 0.60. We will focus in 0.61.

Author: ```suggestion
Probably the latest release for React Native 0.60. We will focus on 0.61.
```

<img width="587" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/157534/67515370-cc0a3f00-f69e-11e9-8e06-7a82fa5f99ab.png">

> Probably the latest release for React Native 0.60. We will focus in 0.61.

Author: Then 
<img width="896" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/157534/67515385-d593a700-f69e-11e9-8383-a2df0dacc88f.png">

Tada!

### 💥 Breaking changes (minor)

> Sorry, a mix & bugfix & changes! This should be easy to handle for you.

Author: #612 seems more like a simple fix to me?

Anyway, this sentence is for the 2 things below, which are a fix for the binding that can make your app stop compiling if you don't adjust the call to this specific things (if used)

> Sorry, a mix & bugfix & changes! This should be easy to handle for you.

Reviewer: Cool, didn't know that feature (not using Github at work). 👍

Yes, #621 is a fix, but code using the event listener `remove` functions that compiled and worked previously (as according to @sgny the `remove` functions do not really require the correct `this` binding) may need changes.

> Sorry, a mix & bugfix & changes! This should be easy to handle for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sorry, a mix of bugfixes & changes! This should be easy to handle for you.
```
